README.md, before:

# FillMe
We are very pleased to present FillMe, the library to fill literaly every shape with color.

Enjoy! :)

![FillMe Demo](demo/demo1.gif)      ![FillMe Demo2](demo/demo3.gif)

# Usage

Add FillMe the same way like other Adroid views.

```xml
        <com.patryk1007.fillme.FillMe
            android:id="@+id/fill_me_view"
            android:layout_width="180dp"
            android:layout_height="180dp"
            android:layout_gravity="center"
            app:fmAlphaLevel="125"
            app:fmConvexFigure="false"
            app:fmFillByTouch="vertical"
            app:fmFillColour="@android:color/holo_red_light"
            app:fmFillHorizontalPercent="1"
            app:fmFillVerticalPercent="0.95"
            app:fmImage="@drawable/heart" />

```

# Attributes


| attr | description |Default
|:---|:---|:---|
| fmImage | Set drawable resource id, e.g. app:fmImage="@drawable/my_super_image" |-|
| fmAlphaLevel | Library detects a shape's lines by checking alpha color, manage this value if your shape has shodows, value range: 0-255 | 122 |
| fmFillHorizontalPercent |  Set the color horizontal fill in percents, value range: 0-1| 0 |
| fmFillVerticalPercent | Set the color vertical fill in percents, value range: 0-1| 0 |
| fmFillByTouch | Set changing fill percent by touch image, values: none; horizontal; vertical; both; | none |
| fmConvexFigure | Set true if shape is convex| true   |
| fmAsyncCalculation | if the image is big and calculation takes some time set the value to true to avoid problem with stop main thread ( Uses only if shape is concave)| true  |
| fmFillColour |  Set fill color as int value| #00ff00  |

# LICENSE

```
Copyright (C) 2018 patryk1007

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Add example link to Google Play

README.md, after:

# FillMe
We are very pleased to present FillMe, the library to fill literally every shape with color.

Enjoy! :)

![FillMe Demo](demo/demo1.gif)      ![FillMe Demo2](demo/demo3.gif)

### Try now

[![Google Play](demo/demo1.gif)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.patryk1007.fillme)

# Usage

Add FillMe the same way like other Adroid views.

```xml
        <com.patryk1007.fillme.FillMe
            android:id="@+id/fill_me_view"
            android:layout_width="180dp"
            android:layout_height="180dp"
            android:layout_gravity="center"
            app:fmAlphaLevel="125"
            app:fmConvexFigure="false"
            app:fmFillByTouch="vertical"
            app:fmFillColour="@android:color/holo_red_light"
            app:fmFillHorizontalPercent="1"
            app:fmFillVerticalPercent="0.95"
            app:fmImage="@drawable/heart" />

```

# Attributes


| attr | description |Default
|:---|:---|:---|
| fmImage | Set drawable resource id, e.g. app:fmImage="@drawable/my_super_image" |-|
| fmAlphaLevel | Library detects a shape's lines by checking alpha color, manage this value if your shape has shodows, value range: 0-255 | 122 |
| fmFillHorizontalPercent |  Set the color horizontal fill in percents, value range: 0-1| 0 |
| fmFillVerticalPercent | Set the color vertical fill in percents, value range: 0-1| 0 |
| fmFillByTouch | Set changing fill percent by touch image, values: none; horizontal; vertical; both; | none |
| fmConvexFigure | Set true if shape is convex| true   |
| fmAsyncCalculation | if the image is big and calculation takes some time set the value to true to avoid problem with stop main thread ( Uses only if shape is concave)| true  |
| fmFillColour |  Set fill color as int value| #00ff00  |

# LICENSE

```
Copyright (C) 2018 patryk1007

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
